add `render` prop to `NavigationItem` (#3279) (#3417)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/navigation-item/examples.mdx

When the user collapses a vertical nested group, and there is an active nested item within it, the parent item should be configured with `blurActive={true}`. The indicator will stay on the parent item in the blur-active state. This tells the user that the active item is within this nested structure.

</LivePreview>

  <LivePreview componentName="navigation-item" exampleName="RenderElement">
## Render prop element

> Using the `render` prop element, you can customise the tag rendered by your `NavigationItem`.
> Props defined on the JSX element will be merged with props from the `NavigationItem`.
> 
> A `NavigationItem` will either act as a navigational link, or an expandable group for other `NavigationItem` elements.
> When a parent group is clicked, the group will expand or collapse.
> When a link is clicked, navigates the user to the specified `href` URL.
> 
> The default element for parent groups is a HTML button tag, whilst a link will use a HTML anchor tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `render` prop, you can customize the element rendered by your `NavigationItem`.
Props defined on the JSX element will be merged with props from the `NavigationItem`.

A `NavigationItem` will either act as a link, or an expandable group for other `NavigationItem` elements.
When a parent group is clicked, the group will expand or collapse.
When a link is clicked, navigates the user to the specified `href` URL.

The default element for parent groups is a `<button>`, whilst a link will use a `<a>`.
```

### Prop merging

```
<NavigationItem href="/your-page" render={<a target="_blank"/>} />
```
will be created in the DOM as an `<a/>` with merged props

```
<a href="/your-page" target="_blank">...</a>
```

</LivePreview>

  <LivePreview componentName="navigation-item" exampleName="RenderProp">
## Render prop callback

> Using the `render` prop element, you can customise the tag rendered by your `NavigationItem`.
> 
> The render prop can also accept a function. This approach grants enhanced control over how props are merged, allowing for more precise customization of component behavior.
> 
> When a function is passed to the render prop, it's your responsibility to merge props within the function itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `render` prop, you can customize the element rendered by the `NavigationItem`.

The render prop can also accept a function. This approach allows more control over how props are merged, allowing for more precise customization of the component's behavior.

When a function is passed to the render prop, it's your responsibility to merge props within the function itself.
```

When the user collapses a vertical nested group, and there is an active nested item within it, the parent item should be configured with `blurActive={true}`. The indicator will stay on the parent item in the blur-active state. This tells the user that the active item is within this nested structure.

</LivePreview>

  <LivePreview componentName="navigation-item" exampleName="RenderElement">
## Render prop element

Using the `render` prop element, you can customise the tag rendered by your `NavigationItem`.
Props defined on the JSX element will be merged with props from the `NavigationItem`.

A `NavigationItem` will either act as a navigational link, or an expandable group for other `NavigationItem` elements.
When a parent group is clicked, the group will expand or collapse.
When a link is clicked, navigates the user to the specified `href` URL.

The default element for parent groups is a HTML button tag, whilst a link will use a HTML anchor tag.

> ### Prop merging

Reviewer: This section doesn't work on the site

Author: fixed now.
